Service Message for Aug 29th Maintenance (#6565)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/service-message.mdx

</div>

<h1 className="text-center px-2 md:px-8 text-3xl md:text-5xl xl:text-6xl relative z-20">
  We have scheduled maintenance on <span className="text-red">August 29th</span>
</h1>

<Hero
    subtitle={<>We'll temporarily pause ingestion, but you won't lose any data.</>}
/>

<details>
  <summary>What are you doing during the maintenance?</summary>
  <p>
      We're planning to upgrade the Postgres database for our US cloud, moving from Aurora 11 to Aurora 15. This will make PostHog faster, and much more scalable. 
  </p>
  <p>
      This is planned maintenance, so there's <a href="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-cloud-infra/issues/1987">a public GitHub issue</a> if you'd like to follow the technical discussion.
  </p>
  </details>

  <details>
  <summary>Why will you pause ingestion, and for how long?</summary>
  <p>

>     We can't efficiently upgrade the database while it's in use, so we'll temporarily pause ingestion while work is underway. We expect it to take around four hours, starting at 11:00 EDT (10:00 CDT / 08:00 PDT / 15:00 UTC), August 29th.

Author: ```suggestion
    We can't efficiently upgrade the database while it's in use, so we'll temporarily pause ingestion while work is underway. We expect it to take around four hours, starting at 06:00 EDT (05:00 CDT / 03:00 PDT / 10:00 UTC), August 29th.
```
